CHANGELOG.md
DESCRIPTION.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
src/doc/__init__.py
src/doc/markup.py
src/doc/scoop-prepare-bibtex-file.pdf
src/doc/scoop-template-engine.pdf
src/scoop_template_engine.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/scoop_template_engine.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/scoop_template_engine.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/scoop_template_engine.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/scoop_template_engine.egg-info/requires.txt
src/scoop_template_engine.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/spbf/__init__.py
src/spbf/__main__.py
src/ste/__init__.py
src/ste/__main__.py
src/ste/manuscripts/__init__.py
src/ste/manuscripts/manuscripts.py
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aabmcb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aaembp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aaemcq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aamick.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aanmf6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aapmcd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aastgj.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-abmcb8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-abseba.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-acbcct.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-accacs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-achre4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-achsc5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-acncdm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-acsccc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-acscii.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-acsodf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aeacb3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aeacc4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aeecco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aelccp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aesccq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aewcaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-afsthl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aidcbc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-amacgu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-amachv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-amclct.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-amlccd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-amlcef.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-amrcda.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-anaccx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-ancac3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-ancham.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aoiab5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-apaccd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-apcach.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-apchd5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-aptsfn.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-asbcd6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-ascecg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-ascefj.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-bcches.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-bichaw.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-bomaf6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-cgdefu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-chreay.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-cmatex.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-crtoec.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-enfuem.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-esthag.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-estlcu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-iecred.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-inocaj.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jaaucr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jacsat.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jafcau.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jamsef.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jceaax.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jceda8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jcisd8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jctcce.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jmcmar.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jnprdf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-joceah.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jpcafh.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jpcbfk.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jpccck.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jpclcd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-jprobs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-langd5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-mamobx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-mpohbp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-nalefd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-oprdfk.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-orgnd7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/postpreamble-orlef7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aabmcb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aaembp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aaemcq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aamick.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aanmf6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aapmcd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aastgj.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-abmcb8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-abseba.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-acbcct.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-accacs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-achre4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-achsc5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-acncdm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-acsccc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-acscii.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-acsodf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aeacb3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aeacc4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aeecco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aelccp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aesccq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aewcaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-afsthl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aidcbc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-amacgu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-amachv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-amclct.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-amlccd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-amlcef.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-amrcda.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-anaccx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-ancac3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-ancham.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aoiab5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-apaccd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-apcach.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-apchd5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-aptsfn.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-asbcd6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-ascecg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-ascefj.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-bcches.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-bichaw.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-bomaf6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-cgdefu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-chreay.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-cmatex.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-crtoec.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-enfuem.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-esthag.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-estlcu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-iecred.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-inocaj.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jaaucr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jacsat.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jafcau.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jamsef.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jceaax.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jceda8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jcisd8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jctcce.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jmcmar.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jnprdf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-joceah.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jpcafh.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jpcbfk.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jpccck.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jpclcd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-jprobs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-langd5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-mamobx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-mpohbp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-nalefd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-oprdfk.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-orgnd7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/prepreamble-orlef7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aabmcb.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aaembp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aaemcq.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aamick.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aanmf6.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aapmcd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aastgj.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-abmcb8.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-abseba.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-acbcct.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-accacs.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-achre4.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-achsc5.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-acncdm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-acsccc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-acscii.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-acsodf.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aeacb3.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aeacc4.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aeecco.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aelccp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aesccq.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aewcaa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-afsthl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aidcbc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-amacgu.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-amachv.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-amclct.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-amlccd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-amlcef.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-amrcda.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-anaccx.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-ancac3.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-ancham.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aoiab5.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-apaccd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-apcach.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-apchd5.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-aptsfn.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-asbcd6.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-ascecg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-ascefj.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-bcches.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-bichaw.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-bomaf6.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-cgdefu.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-chreay.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-cmatex.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-crtoec.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-enfuem.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-esthag.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-estlcu.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-iecred.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-inocaj.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jaaucr.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jacsat.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jafcau.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jamsef.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jceaax.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jceda8.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jcisd8.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jctcce.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jmcmar.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jnprdf.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-joceah.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jpcafh.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jpcbfk.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jpccck.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jpclcd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-jprobs.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-langd5.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-mamobx.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-mpohbp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-nalefd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-oprdfk.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-orgnd7.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ACS/template-orlef7.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-amcomm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-cpaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-dcds-b.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-dcds-s.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-dcds.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-eect.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-fods.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-ipi.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-jcd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-jdg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-jgm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-jimo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-krm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-mcrf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-mfc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-naco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/postpreamble-nhm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-amcomm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-cpaa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-dcds-b.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-dcds-s.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-dcds.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-eect.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-fods.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-ipi.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-jcd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-jdg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-jgm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-jimo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-krm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-mcrf.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-mfc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-naco.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AIMS/template-nhm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/AMS/mcom/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/AMS/mcom/postpreamble-mcom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/AMS/mcom/template-mcom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Begell/ijuq/IJ4UQ_Bibliography_Style.bst.patch
src/ste/manuscripts/Begell/ijuq/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Begell/ijuq/postpreamble-ijuq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Begell/ijuq/preamble-ijuq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Begell/ijuq/template-ijuq.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Centre Mersenne/ojmo/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Centre Mersenne/ojmo/postpreamble-ojmo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Centre Mersenne/ojmo/preamble-ojmo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Centre Mersenne/ojmo/template-ojmo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/acvar/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/acvar/postpreamble-acvar.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/acvar/template-acvar.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/cmam/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/cmam/postpreamble-cmam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/cmam/template-cmam.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/crelle/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/crelle/postpreamble-crelle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/crelle/preamble-crelle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/crelle/prepreamble-crelle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/crelle/template-crelle.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/jip/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/jip/postpreamble-jip.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/jip/template-jip.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/jnm/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/jnm/postpreamble-jnm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/De Gruyter/jnm/template-jnm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/EMS/ag/postpreamble-ag.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/EMS/ag/template-ag.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/EMS/em/postpreamble-em.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/EMS/em/template-em.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/EMS/rlm/postpreamble-rlm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/EMS/rlm/template-rlm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ESAIM/cocv/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/ESAIM/cocv/postpreamble-cocv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ESAIM/cocv/template-cocv.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/ESAIM/m2an/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/ESAIM/m2an/postpreamble-m2an.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/ESAIM/m2an/template-m2an.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-aam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-acha.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-advengsoft.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-aim.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-amc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-aml.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-apal.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-apm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-apnum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-arcontrol.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-array.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-bcra.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-bdr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-bica.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-brain.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-bulsci.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cad.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-camwa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-chaos.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cnsns.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cocom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-coisb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cola.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-comgeo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-commatsci.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-compgeo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-compstruc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-conengprac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cosrev.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-cpc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-csda.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-csfx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-csl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-dajour.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-dam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-dark.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-difgeo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-disc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-disopt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ecocom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ecolmodel.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ecosta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ejc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ejor.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-enganabound.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-engappai.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-exco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-exmath.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ffa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-finel.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-fss.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-geb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-geomphys.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-gmod.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-hcc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-health.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-heliyon.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ic.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ijforecast.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ime.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-indag.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ins.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-ipl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jaca.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jalgebra.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jat.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jcmds.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jcp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jcpx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jcss.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jcta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jctb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jde.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jebo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jeconom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jedc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jfa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jfranklin.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jlamp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jmaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jmateco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jnt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jocsci.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jpaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jprocont.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jspi.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-jsymbc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-laa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-matcom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-matpur.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-mbs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-mlwa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-mss.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-na.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-nahs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-nanocomnet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-neunet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-nlm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-nonrwa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-nppp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-nuclphysb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-orl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-padiff.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-patterns.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-physa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-physd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-physleta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-physletb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-plrev.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-pmc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-pr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-red.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-rico.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-rinam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-sasc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-spa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-spasta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-stapro.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-swevo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-sysconle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-tcs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-topol.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-vehcom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/postpreamble-wace.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-aam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-acha.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-advengsoft.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-aim.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-amc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-aml.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-apal.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-apm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-apnum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-arcontrol.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-array.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-bcra.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-bdr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-bica.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-brain.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-bulsci.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cad.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-camwa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-chaos.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cnsns.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cocom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-coisb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cola.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-comgeo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-commatsci.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-compgeo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-compstruc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-conengprac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cosrev.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-cpc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-csda.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-csfx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-csl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-dajour.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-dam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-dark.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-difgeo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-disc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-disopt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ecocom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ecolmodel.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ecosta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ejc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ejor.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-enganabound.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-engappai.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-exco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-exmath.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ffa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-finel.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-fss.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-geb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-geomphys.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-gmod.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-hcc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-health.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-heliyon.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ic.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ijforecast.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ime.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-indag.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ins.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-ipl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jaca.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jalgebra.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jat.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jcmds.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jcp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jcpx.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jcss.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jcta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jctb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jde.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jebo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jeconom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jedc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jfa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jfranklin.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jlamp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jmaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jmateco.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jnt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jocsci.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jpaa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jprocont.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jspi.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-jsymbc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-laa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-matcom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-matpur.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-mbs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-mlwa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-mss.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-na.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-nahs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-nanocomnet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-neunet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-nlm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-nonrwa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-nppp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-nuclphysb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-orl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-padiff.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-patterns.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-physa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-physd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-physleta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-physletb.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-plrev.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-pmc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-pr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-red.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-rico.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-rinam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-sasc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-spa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-spasta.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-stapro.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-swevo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-sysconle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-tcs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-topol.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-vehcom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/prepreamble-wace.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-aam.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-acha.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-advengsoft.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-aim.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-amc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-aml.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-apal.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-apm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-apnum.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-arcontrol.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-array.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-bcra.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-bdr.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-bica.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-brain.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-bulsci.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cad.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cam.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-camwa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-chaos.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cma.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cnsns.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cocom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-coisb.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cola.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-comgeo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-commatsci.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-compgeo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-compstruc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-conengprac.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cosrev.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-cpc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-csda.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-csfx.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-csl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-dajour.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-dam.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-dark.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-difgeo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-disc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-disopt.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ecocom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ecolmodel.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ecosta.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ejc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ejor.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-enganabound.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-engappai.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-exco.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-exmath.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ffa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-finel.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-fss.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-geb.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-geomphys.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-gmod.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-hcc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-health.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-heliyon.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ic.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ijforecast.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ime.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-indag.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ins.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-ipl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jaca.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jalgebra.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jat.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jcmds.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jco.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jcp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jcpx.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jcss.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jcta.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jctb.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jde.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jebo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jeconom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jedc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jet.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jfa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jfranklin.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jlamp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jmaa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jmateco.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jnt.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jocsci.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jpaa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jprocont.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jspi.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-jsymbc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-laa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-matcom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-matpur.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-mbs.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-mlwa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-mss.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-na.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-nahs.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-nanocomnet.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-neunet.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-nlm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-nonrwa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-nppp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-nuclphysb.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-orl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-padiff.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-patterns.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-physa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-physd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-physleta.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-physletb.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-plrev.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-pmc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-pr.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-red.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-rico.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-rinam.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-sasc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-spa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-spasta.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-stapro.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-swevo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-sysconle.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-tcs.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-topol.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-vehcom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/elsarticle.cls/template-wace.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/ifac/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/ifac/postpreamble-ifac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/ifac/preamble-ifac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Elsevier/ifac/template-ifac.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Frontiers/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Frontiers/postpreamble-fams.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Frontiers/template-fams.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-bbiici.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-bioffn.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-bmbucs.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-bpeeae.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-cqgrdg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-dmatb7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ejphd4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ejssbg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-erc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ercl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ere.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-erenbl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-erh.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-erisal.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-erlnal.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-esltac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-fcsuah.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-fpelab.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ijemkf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ip.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-isoccm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jbrobw.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jcapbp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jcomel.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jionas.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jmmiez.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jneiez.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-joopca.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpamb5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpapbe.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpapeh.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpcofp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpcogq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpeoey.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpgped.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jpmoc4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jppokr.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jrprea.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-jsmtc6.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mafeb2.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mlstck.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mmuabd.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mqtaaz.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mreac3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-msmeeu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mstcep.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-mtrgau.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-nceecn.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-neaxa4.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-nfaub3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-njopfm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-nnoter.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-nonle5.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-nufuau.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-pberb8.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-pbhiat.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-perndg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-pheda7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-phmba7.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-phstbo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-pmeae3.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ppcfet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-prelcz.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-psteeu.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-qstuah.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-rpphag.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-smster.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-ssteet.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-stmpcw.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/postpreamble-sustef.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-bbiici.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-bioffn.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-bmbucs.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-bpeeae.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-cqgrdg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-dmatb7.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ejphd4.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ejssbg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-erc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ercl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ere.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-erenbl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-erh.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-erisal.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-erlnal.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-esltac.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-fcsuah.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-fpelab.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ijemkf.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ip.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-isoccm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jbrobw.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jcapbp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jcomel.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jionas.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jmmiez.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jneiez.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-joopca.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpamb5.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpapbe.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpapeh.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpcofp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpcogq.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpeoey.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpgped.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jpmoc4.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jppokr.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jrprea.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-jsmtc6.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mafeb2.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mlstck.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mmuabd.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mqtaaz.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mreac3.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-msmeeu.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mstcep.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-mtrgau.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-nceecn.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-neaxa4.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-nfaub3.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-njopfm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-nnoter.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-nonle5.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-nufuau.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-pberb8.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-pbhiat.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-perndg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-pheda7.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-phmba7.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-phstbo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-pmeae3.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ppcfet.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-prelcz.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-psteeu.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-qstuah.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-rpphag.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-smster.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-ssteet.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-stmpcw.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IOP/template-sustef.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-aa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-acdm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-amspreprint.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-bit.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-cma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-cmam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-cocv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-crelle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-cse.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-etna.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-fams.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-gamm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-iecred.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-ifac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-ijcga.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-ijcm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-ijuq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-imanum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-jmiv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-jnsao.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-jota.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-jsc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-m2an.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-m3as.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-mcom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-mcrf.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-mma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-nla.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-nme.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-ojmo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-opt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-pamm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-ppl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-siims.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-siopt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/postpreamble-zamm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-acdm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-bit.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-crelle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-cse.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-ifac.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-ijcm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-ijuq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-jmiv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-jota.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-jsc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/preamble-ojmo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-cma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-crelle.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-cse.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-etna.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-iecred.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-imanum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/IntegrationTest/build/prepreamble-jmiv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Oxford Academic/imanum/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Oxford Academic/imanum/postpreamble-imanum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Oxford Academic/imanum/prepreamble-imanum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Oxford Academic/imanum/template-imanum.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-mms.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-siap.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sicomp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sicon.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sidma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sima.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-simax.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sinum.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-siopt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sirev.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-sisc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/postpreamble-tvp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-mms.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-siap.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sicomp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sicon.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sidma.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sima.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-simax.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sinum.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-siopt.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sirev.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-sisc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAM/template-tvp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/postpreamble-juq.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/postpreamble-siads.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/postpreamble-siaga.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/postpreamble-sifin.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/postpreamble-siims.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/postpreamble-simods.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/template-juq.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/template-siads.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/template-siaga.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/template-sifin.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/template-siims.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/SIAMOnline/template-simods.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bit/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bit/postpreamble-bit.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bit/preamble-bit.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bit/template-bit.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/postpreamble-acdm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/postpreamble-bvp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/postpreamble-jia.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/postpreamble-jmi.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/preamble-acdm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/preamble-bvp.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/preamble-jia.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/preamble-jmi.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/template-acdm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/template-bvp.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/template-jia.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/bmcart.cls/template-jmi.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/jota/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/jota/postpreamble-jota.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/jota/preamble-jota.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/jota/template-jota.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-acom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-amo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-calcolo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-camcos.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-cm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-coam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-coap.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-cse.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-cvpde.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-dcg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-focm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-ijot.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-inge.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-jmiv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-jogo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-maana.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-mathbio.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-mathprog.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-mmor.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-ms.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-numa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-numalg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-pdea.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-rm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/postpreamble-svva.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-acom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-amo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-calcolo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-camcos.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-cm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-coam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-coap.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-cse.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-cvpde.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-dcg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-focm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-ijot.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-inge.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-jmiv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-jogo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-maana.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-mathbio.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-mathprog.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-mmor.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-ms.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-numa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-numalg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-pdea.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-rm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/preamble-svva.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-acom.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-amo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-calcolo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-camcos.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-cm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-coam.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-coap.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-cse.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-cvpde.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-dcg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-focm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-ijot.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-inge.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-jmiv.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-jogo.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-maana.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-mathbio.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-mathprog.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-mmor.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-ms.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-numa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-numalg.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-pdea.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-rm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/prepreamble-svva.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-acom.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-amo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-calcolo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-camcos.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-cm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-coam.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-coap.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-cse.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-cvpde.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-dcg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-focm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-ijot.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-inge.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-jmiv.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-jogo.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-maana.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-mathbio.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-mathprog.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-mmor.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-ms.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-numa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-numalg.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-pdea.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-rm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/sn-jnl.cls/template-svva.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/postpreamble-jsc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/postpreamble-mpc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/postpreamble-opte.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/preamble-jsc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/preamble-mpc.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/preamble-opte.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/template-jsc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/template-mpc.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Springer/svjour3.cls/template-opte.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/postpreamble-apa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/postpreamble-eno.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/postpreamble-oms.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/postpreamble-opt.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/template-apa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/template-eno.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/template-oms.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/TaylorAndFrancis/template-opt.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/gamm/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/gamm/postpreamble-gamm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/gamm/template-gamm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/mma/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/mma/postpreamble-mma.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/mma/template-mma.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/nla/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/nla/postpreamble-nla.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/nla/template-nla.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/nme/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/nme/postpreamble-nme.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/nme/template-nme.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/pamm/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/pamm/postpreamble-pamm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/pamm/template-pamm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/zamm/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/zamm/postpreamble-zamm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/Wiley/zamm/template-zamm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/aa/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/aa/postpreamble-aa.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/aa/template-aa.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcga/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcga/postpreamble-ijcga.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcga/template-ijcga.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcm/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcm/postpreamble-ijcm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcm/preamble-ijcm.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ijcm/template-ijcm.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/m3as/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/m3as/postpreamble-m3as.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/m3as/template-m3as.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ppl/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ppl/postpreamble-ppl.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ppl/template-ppl.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/World Scientific/ppl/ws-ppl.bst.patch
src/ste/manuscripts/etna/etna.cls.patch
src/ste/manuscripts/etna/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/etna/postpreamble-etna.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/etna/prepreamble-etna.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/etna/template-etna.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/jnsao/init.py
src/ste/manuscripts/jnsao/postpreamble-jnsao.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/jnsao/template-jnsao.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/scoop/postpreamble-amspreprint.sty
src/ste/manuscripts/scoop/template-amspreprint.tex
src/ste/manuscripts/scoop/template-bibgenerator.tex
src/ste/schemes/manuscript/abstract.tex
src/ste/schemes/manuscript/content.tex
src/ste/schemes/manuscript/manuscript.bib
src/ste/schemes/manuscript/manuscript.sty
src/ste/schemes/manuscript/manuscript.yaml
src/ste/utilities/__init__.py
src/ste/utilities/utilities.py