.TH ZENNIN 1 "JUN 2023" Linux "Zennin Manual"

.SH NAME
zennin \- Print quotes on your terminal.


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBzennin\fR [\fIoptions\fR]...


.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBZennin\fR is a simple python program that prints random quotes on the
terminal. It adds a touch of inspiration or amusement to your daily console
experience.

The quotes are obtained from a file named \fBQuote Book\fR, for more information
about this file please check the \fBQuote Book\fR section in this manual


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-j\fR \fIPOSITION\fR, \fB\-\-justify\fR \fIPOSITION\fR
Justification position. Accepted values are \fIleft\fR, \fIcenter\fR and
\fIright\fR. If this option is ommited the default justification position is
center
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR, \fB\-\-file\fR \fIFILE\fR
Use a specific \fBQuote Book\fR in a location diferent than the default one.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-print\fR \fINUMBER\fR
Print a specific quote from the \fBQuote Book\fR
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-number\fR
Prints the ammount of quotes in the \fBQuote Book\fR.


.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/share/doc/zennin/quotebook.txt
Default \fBQuote Book\fR file. If user config file doesn't exist, \fBzennin\fR will use this
file.
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/zennin/quotebook.txt
Per user \fBQuote Book\fR.


.SH QUOTE BOOK
The collection of quotes used by \fBzennin\fR is stored in a file known as the
\fBQuote Book\fR. By default, the program looks for the \fBQuote Book\fR at
\fI$HOME/.config/zennin/quotebook.txt\fR. If this file doesn't exist, \fBzennin\fR
falls back to using a default quote book located at \fI/usr/share/doc/zennin/quotebook.txt\fR.

Feel free to use the default \fBQuote Book\fR as a reference to create your own
personalized collection. The syntax of the \fBQuote Book\fR is similar to python
docstrings, with three single quotes (''') used as delimiters for the beginning
and the end of each quote. 

Here's an example of the sintaxis of the \fBQuote Book\fR.

.IP
\fI\&'''\n

This is the first Quote.\n

\&'''\n


\&'''\n

This is the second Quote

You can have empty lines inside the quote

\&'''\n


.SH INTENDED USE
To use it as intended just include one of the following lines in the
configuration file of your shell (bashrc, zshrc, etc).

.TP
\fB\Text in the center of the terminal\fR
zennin
.TP
\fB\Text to the for right\fR
zennin --justify right
.TP
\fB\Text to the far left\fR
zennin --justify left


.SH BUGS
If the terminal size is changed after printing a quote the text will not show
properly.


.SH AUTHOR
Marcelo Galván <marcelo_galvan@protonmail.com>
