SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN SHANGHAI CONNET INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, Inc.
("CONNET") AND YOU, THE LICENSEE.
PLEASE
 READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING OR USING PYLLO SOFTWARE ("PYLLO").  By DOWNLOADING,
 INSTALLING OR USING PYLLO, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE WITH ALL OF ITS
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

The PYLLO is copyrighted to CONNET and it is made available to Licensee under this Agreement for testing purposes
only, it is not sold to Licensee and should not be used in production environments.

By installing, copying or otherwise using the PYLLO, Licensee is considered to have read and Licensee agrees to be bound
 by the terms of this Agreement. If Licensee is not willing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, do not install,
 copy or use the PYLLO.

1. Beta Disclaimer

THE BETA SOFTWARE LICENSED HEREUNDER IS STILL IN TESTING PHASE AND IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS
AND IS BELIEVED TO CONTAIN DEFECTS AND A PRIMARY PURPOSE OF THIS BETA TESTING LICENSE IS TO OBTAIN FEEDBACK ON SOFTWARE
PERFORMANCE AND THE IDENTIFICATION OF DEFECTS. LICENSEE IS ADVISED TO SAFEGUARD IMPORTANT DATA, TO USE CAUTION AND NOT
TO RELY IN ANY WAY ON THE CORRECT FUNCTIONING OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PYLLO AND/OR ACCOMPANYING MATERIALS.

2. Feedback

2.1. It is expressly understood, acknowledged and agreed that Licensee shall, regardless of whether or not formally
requested to do, provide to CONNET reasonable suggestions, comments and feedback regarding the PYLLO, including but
not limited to usability, bug reports and test results (collectively, "Feedback"). If Licensee provides such Feedback to
 CONNET, Licensee shall grant CONNET the following worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free,
 fully paid up rights:

 to make, use, copy, modify, sell, distribute, sub-license, and create derivative works of, the Feedback as part of any
 CONNET product, technology, service, specification or other documentation (individually and collectively, "CONNET
 Products"); to publicly perform or display, import, broadcast, transmit, distribute, license, offer to sell, and sell,
 rent, lease or lend copies of the Feedback (and derivative works thereof) as part of any CONNET Product;
 solely with respect to Licensee's copyright and trade secret rights, to sublicense to third parties the foregoing
 rights, including the right to sublicense to further third parties; and to sublicense to third parties any claims of
 any patents owned or licensable by Licensee that are necessarily infringed by a third party product, technology or
 service that uses, interfaces, interoperates or communicates with the feedback or portion thereof incorporated into an
 CONNET Product, technology or service.

2.2. Further, Licensee warrants that its Feedback is not subject to any license terms that would purport to require
CONNET to comply with any additional obligations with respect to any CONNET Products that incorporate any Feedback.

2.3. Should Licensee encounter any bugs, glitches, lack of functionality or other problems on the website, please let
CONNET know immediately so it can rectified accordingly. Licensee can submit its requests and issues to
tech-support@shconnet.com.cn. Licensee’s help in this regard is greatly appreciated.

3. Grant of License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, CONNET hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license (without the right to sublicense) (i) to use the PYLLO in accordance with, if any, the
Documentation solely for purposes of internal testing and evaluation, and (ii) to copy PYLLO for archival or backup
purposes, provided that all titles and trademarks, copyright, and restricted rights notices are reproduced on such
copies and provided that only one copy of the PYLLO may be used at a time.

4. Restrictions on Grant

Except as otherwise specifically permitted in this Agreement, Licensee may not:

modify or create any derivative works of any PYLLO or documentation, including – without limitation – translation or
localization; copy the PYLLO except as provided in this Agreement or elsewhere by CONNET; separate PYLLO, which is
licensed as a single product, into its component parts; reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble or otherwise attempt
 to derive the source code for any Product of the PYLLO (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such
 restriction); redistribute, encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to any Software.
 Licensee may NOT transfer the PYLLO under any circumstances; remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other
 proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the CONNET Product(s);

5. PYLLO Product Support

CONNET is under no obligation i) to provide any technical support under the terms of this license, ii) to continue to
develop, productize, support, repair, offer for sale or in any other way continue to provide or develop PYLLO either to
Licensee or to any other party, and iii) provides no assurance that any specific errors or discrepancies in the PYLLO
will be corrected.

6. Ownership and Copyright of User-Generated Content

By uploading any Licensee-generated content to shconnet.com website ("Site"), Licensee acknowledges that Licensee has
read Terms of Service of the Site, understands it, and agrees with all of its terms and conditions. The applicable and
most current version of the Terms of Service of the Site is at Licensee’s disposal on site.

7. Term of this Agreement

This License is effective until terminated.  Licensee may terminate this License at any time by destroying the Software
and data.  CONNET can terminate this License if Licensee fails to comply with any provision of this License.

8. Disclaimer of Warranties

8.1. THE PYLLO AND, IF ANY, DOCUMENTATION ARE LICENSED "AS IS", AND CONNET DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
SUITABILITY, USABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS, TO THE EXTENT AUTHORIZED BY LAW.

8.2. WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, CONNET EXPRESSLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE PYLLO WILL MEET LICENSEE’S
REQUIREMENTS OR THAT OPERATION OF THE PYLLO WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. THE PYLLO IS BEING PROVIDED TO LICENSEE
 "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. LICENSEE ASSUMES ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE PYLLO TO ACHIEVE ITS
 INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ITS USE OF THE PYLLO. LICENSEE SHALL BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
  QUALITY AND THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PYLLO.

8.3. ANY DOWNLOAD AND USE OF THIS PYLLO PROGRAM PRODUCT IS DONE AT THE LICENSEE’S OWN RISK AND THE LICENSEE WILL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO – WITHOUT LIMITATION – ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH
ACTIVITIES. SHOULD IT PROVE DEFECTIVE, LICENSEE ASSUMES THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR AND/OR CORRECTION.
IT IS THEREFORE UP TO THE LICENSEE TO TAKE ADEQUATE PRECAUTION AGAINST POSSIBLE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THIS PYLLO
SOFTWARE IN BETA TESTING SHOULD FOR EXAMPLE NOT BE USED ON SENSITIVE AND/OR VALUABLE DATA AND SHOULD NOT BE USED IN
PRODUCTION SYSTEMS.

9. Limit of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL CONNET BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY PARTY FOR – WITHOUT LIMITATION – ANY LOSS OF USE; INTERRUPTION OF
 BUSINESS; OR ANY DIRECT; INDIRECT; SPECIAL; INCIDENTAL; EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
 (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT; TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE); STRICT
 PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE; WHETHER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PYLLO (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
  TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY LICENSEE OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
   PYLLO TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF CONNET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

10. Governing Law

This agreement together with all our policies are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic
of China without respect to its conflict of laws principles.  In the event any legal action becomes necessary to enforce
 or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the parties agree that such action will be brought in the state or federal
 courts located in the State of California, and the parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of said courts.  If any
 provision of this agreement or policies shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
 shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
 provisions.

11. Entire Agreement

This Agreement is a legal agreement and constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between Licensee and CONNET
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications,
proposals, representations, understandings, or agreements not specifically incorporated herein. This Agreement may not
be amended except in a writing duly signed by Licensee and an authorized representative of CONNET.
